.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "INVSCOUT" 8 "" "" ""
.SH NAME
invscout\- Surveys the host system for currently installed microcode or Vital Product Data (VPD).
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.HP 6
\fBinvscout\fR [\fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-g\fR] [\fB\-h\fR]
.ad
.hy

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.PP
\fBinvscout\fR surveys the system for Vital Product Data (VPD).

The Inventory Scout supports two survey types:

.br
\- Microcode Survey
.br
\- Vital Product Data (VPD) Survey ( -v)

.PP
.B Microcode Survey

A Microcode Survey gathers data from the host system on currently installed microcode for invscout-supported systems, devices and adapters.

.B VPD Survey (-v)

A VPD Survey stores the system VPD in a VPD Survey Upload File that can be uploaded to a Web server via the Internet.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
\-v
Sets the survey type to VPD (the default is Microcode).

.TP
\-g
Displays the version of this command currently in use.

.TP
\-h
Generates a help (usage) statement.

.SH "FILES"

.TP
\fI/var/adm/invscout/<host>.mup\fR
Microcode Survey Upload File. The <host> variable is the host name of the system
represented in the file.

.TP
\fI/var/adm/invscout/invs.mrp\fR
Microcode Survey Formatted Text Report File.

.TP
\fI/var/adm/invscout/<model>_<serial>_VPD.xml\fR
VPD Survey Upload File. The <model> and <serial> is the model number and serial
number of the system represented in the file.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.PP
lscfg(8), lsmcode(8), lsvpd(8), vpdupdate(8)

.SH "AUTHORS"

.PP
Aravinda Prasad <aravinda@linux\&.vnet\&.ibm\&.com>\&.

.PP
Copyright (c) 2002 - 2013 IBM\&.

